trigger: introduce persistent triggers (#9622)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-8663-persistent-triggers.md

Reviewer: Please add some code examples to the doc bot request illustrating how the new API is supposed to be used.

Author: Added two examples: single-node and cluster scenarios.
Also, I added a test for a replicated persistent trigger.

## feature/box

> * Added a `trigger` option to `box.schema.func.create`. It allows to create

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added a `trigger` option to `box.schema.func.create`. This option allows creating
```
